Add README with link to create-comit-app and basic overview (#24)
comit-network/comit-js-sdk: README.md

# Comit Javascript SDK

A software development kit for developing Javascript applications on top of the COMIT protocol reference implementation [comit-rs](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs).

> Currently [comit-rs](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs) is shipped as a binary called [cnd](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs/releases) (Comit Node Deamon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently [comit-rs](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs) is shipped as a binary called [cnd](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs/releases) (Comit Node Daemon).
```

> Currently [comit-rs](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs) is shipped as a binary called [cnd](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs/releases) (Comit Node Daemon).

Reviewer 2: Initially, we said it is the `comit network daemon` because `node` and `daemon` are kind of synonyms.

```suggestion
Currently [comit-rs](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs) is shipped as a binary called [cnd](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs/releases) (Comit Network Daemon).
```

Reviewer: > Initially, we said it is the `comit network daemon` because `node` and `daemon` are kind of synonyms.

I want written proof :)

> Currently [comit-rs](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs) is shipped as a binary called [cnd](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs/releases) (Comit Network Daemon).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently [comit-rs](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs) is shipped as a binary called [cnd](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs/releases) (COMIT Network Daemon).
```

## Getting started

The fastest way to get started with the SDK is to take a look at examples using the SDK.

Create a project using [create-comit-app](https://github.com/comit-network/create-comit-app) and take a look at the generated `examples` folder! 

## SDK Overview

### Communication with cnd

The SDK exports the `ComitClient` class which is a first starting point for the communication with cnd. The `ComitClient` allows you to:

> * send swaps: when the taker initiates a swap with the maker (after successful negotiation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sendSwaps`: when the taker initiates a swap with the maker (after successful negotiation)
```

Use the actual method name.

> * get new swaps: when the maker has received a swap from the taker

Author: ```suggestion
* `getNewSwaps`: when the maker has received a swap from the taker
```

> * get ongoing swaps: for both maker and taker during the execution of the swap (fund, redeem)

Author: ```suggestion
* `getOngoingSwaps`: for both maker and taker during the execution of the swap (fund, redeem)
```

> * get done swaps: for both maker and taker to retrieve swaps that are finished

Author: ```suggestion
* `getDoneSwaps`: for both maker and taker to retrieve swaps that are finished
```

> Additionally the SDK exports more fine-grained functionality to communicate with cnd, take at the classes in `cnd.ts` for details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally the SDK exports more fine-grained functionality to communicate with cnd, take a look at the classes in `cnd.ts` for details. 
```
